GWEN IFILL: Call it the great
fall. An explosive
new sell-off hit the Chinese
market today,
and routed stocks around the
world. On Wall
Street, the Dow Jones industrial
average lost
392 points to close at 16514.
The Nasdaq fell
146 points, and the S&P 500
dropped 47. We
will look at what's going on in
China right
after the news summary.
And in the day's other news, a
powerful truck
bomb in Libya killed at least 47
people and
wounded more than 100 others.
The target was
a police training center outside
Tripoli,
where hundreds of recruits had
gathered. Cars
lay crushed and strewn around
the area after
the blast. It was the country's
worst bombing
since the fall of Moammar
Gadhafi in 2011
and it was quickly condemned.
MOHAMMAD ISMAIL, Government of
National Salvation
(through translator): We confirm
that we are
totally committed to carrying
out a full investigation
and following developments and
updates and
providing full disclosure that
deals with
this cowardly terrorist act.
GWEN IFILL: The government based
in Tripoli
is an Islamist regime. A rival
government
operates in Eastern Libya, along
with various
armed factions.
In Yemen, dozens of Saudi
airstrikes hit the
capital city in the heaviest
bombardment yet.
The Saudis and other Sunni Arab
states are
supporting Yemen's president
against Shiite
rebels. Today's attacks hit the
presidential
palace in Sanaa and a rebel
military base.
Meanwhile, loyalist forces also
landed at
a key port overnight, opening a
new front.
Iran claimed its embassy in
Sanaa was hit
by the airstrikes, but there was
no visible
damage.
Paris spent a tense anniversary
today, one
year since Islamist gunmen
attacked the satirical
newspaper Charlie Hebdo, killing
11 people.
The city was already on edge
when an apparent
suicide bomber, with a note
referencing the
Islamic State group, confronted
police.
Alex Thomson of Independent
Television News
reports from Paris.
ALEX THOMSON: It's around midday
in the Gare
du Nord in Central Paris, and a
young man
carrying a butchers hatchet,
shouting Allahu
akbar and wearing what looks
like an explosive
belt approaches a small police
station.
MAN (through translator): I
heard gunshots,
four, I think. It's just across
the street
from the school, next to the
police station,
where there's a kindergarten.
WOMAN (through translator):
Usually, I see
this on the television. And it's
true, it's
shocking to see this unfolding
live.
ALEX THOMSON: It's a busy area.
People quickly
surrounded the body before it
was eventually
stretchered away, but only after
a remote
controlled approach to what was
initially
assumed to be a real suicide
belt device.
We may well never know what this
man's motivations
were, nor if he had any real
connection with
I.S., or Da'esh, but after the
events in recent
months, not just in Paris, but
across Europe,
anybody approaching armed
officers with a
butcher's hatchet, apparent
signs of an explosive
device, and shouting allahu
Akbar, is signing
their own death warrant.
All of this a year to the day
from the massacre
across town at the satirical
magazine Charlie
Hebdo -- the journalists killed
there remembered
today. And whether this man
actually had any
connection to I.S., the
president of France
spoke today as if the incident
had been masterminded
in Raqqa.
FRANCOIS HOLLANDE, French
President (through
translator): Inside France, we
are tackling
it by hunting down terrorists,
dismantling
networks, drying up sources of
financing,
and by blocking the propaganda
of radicalization.
ALEX THOMSON: Later in the day,
the interior
minister, Bernard Cazeneuve,
visited the scene,
expressing solidarity with
police officers.
Paris remains understandably
edgy, and today's
incident merely underscores
that.
GWEN IFILL: The Charlie Hebdo
killings last
January were followed by the
attacks in November
that claimed another 130 lives.
South Korea is firing up its
cross-border
propaganda broadcasts against
the North again.
Today's announcement came a day
after North
Korea tested what it said was a
hydrogen bomb.
The South's earlier broadcasts
ended in August
in a bid to ease tensions with
the communist
North. They're due to resume
tomorrow, the
birthday of North Korean leader
Kim Jong-un.
Back in this country, there's
word that efforts
to extend health insurance
coverage to all
Americans stalled in 2015. A
closely watched
survey out today finds nearly 12
percent of
U.S. adults still lacked health
coverage at
the end of the year. The
Gallup-Healthways
Well-Being Index says that was
virtually unchanged
from 12 months earlier.
And 2015 officially goes down as
the second
warmest year in the United
States since they
started keeping records 121
years ago. The
National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration
reports the average temperature
was 54.4 degrees.
That's about one degree shy of
the record,
set in 2012.